content/books/river-years/chapters/11.md, before:

---
title: "Chapter 11 — Sleeping by the Fire Pit"
audio: ""
images:
  - "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1505761671935-60b3a7427bad?q=80&w=1600&auto=format&fit=crop"
  - "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1477414348463-c0eb7f1359b6?q=80&w=1600&auto=format&fit=crop"
---

After my mother remarried, we children no longer slept in her and my stepfather’s room. Instead, we slept on the floor between Grandma and Aunt Mab’s beds, in the back room behind the fire pit. Each night, Grandma spread out blankets for us. We had no pillows; we rested our heads on folded clothes.

Before we drifted off to sleep, Grandma always told us neejneeg—stories of orphans like Cinderella, of mistreated children who suffered but eventually triumphed. Afterward, she would check each of us, making sure we were covered and lying properly, before she went to bed herself.

Every morning, Aunt Mab woke first. She boiled rice halfway, then steamed it until it was fluffy. The smell of the rice and the warmth of the fire woke us up. We sat around the fire pit, unwashed and hungry, waiting for our share. She rolled the rice into movvom, warm rice balls, and handed one to each of us.

We were many: Choj, Nruas, Ntsum, Iab, Maum, Txoovneeb, Suav, and baby Povfwmyej. Since he was still too young to chew, we would soften rice in our mouths and feed it to him. Later, when he grew older, he was cared for by Jude (Ntsum).

Reflection:
Those nights by the fire pit, with no pillows and only Grandma’s stories, were some of the poorest moments of my life—and yet they were also some of the richest. I discovered that love, comfort, and care are not found in possessions, but in the people who tuck you in and tell you stories when the world feels cold.

Commit message:

Updated new stories and images

content/books/river-years/chapters/11.md, after:

---
title: "Chapter 11 — Sleeping by the Fire Pit"
audio: ""
images:
  - "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1505761671935-60b3a7427bad?q=80&w=1600&auto=format&fit=crop"
  - "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1477414348463-c0eb7f1359b6?q=80&w=1600&auto=format&fit=crop"
---
Summary:
After my mother remarried, we no longer slept in her room. Instead, we shared the floor by the fire pit in Grandma’s and Aunt Mab’s room. Though poor, those nights became rich with Grandma’s stories, her care, and the warmth of family gathered close together.

After my mother remarried, we children no longer slept in her and my stepfather’s room. Instead, we slept on the floor between Grandma and Aunt Mab’s beds, in the back room behind the fire pit. Each night, Grandma spread out blankets for us. We had no pillows; we rested our heads on folded clothes.

Before we drifted off to sleep, Grandma always told us neejneeg—stories of orphans like Cinderella, of mistreated children who suffered but eventually triumphed. Afterward, she would check each of us, making sure we were covered and lying properly, before she went to bed herself.

Every morning, Aunt Mab woke first. She boiled rice halfway, then steamed it until it was fluffy. The smell of the rice and the warmth of the fire woke us up. We sat around the fire pit, unwashed and hungry, waiting for our share. She rolled the rice into movvom, warm rice balls, and handed one to each of us.

We were many: Choj, Nruas, Ntsum, Iab, Maum, Txoovneeb, Suav, and baby Povfwmyej. Since he was still too young to chew, we would soften rice in our mouths and feed it to him. Later, when he grew older, he was cared for by Jude (Ntsum).

Reflection:
Those nights by the fire pit, with no pillows and only Grandma’s stories, were some of the poorest moments of my life—and yet they were also some of the richest. I discovered that love, comfort, and care are not found in possessions, but in the people who tuck you in and tell you stories when the world feels cold.
